SNOW-991628: fix local test file read bug of option field_optionally_enclosed_by (#1281)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support for creating vectorized UDTFs with `process` method.

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed a bug in local testing file read option `field_optionally_enclosed_by`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in local testing implementation of DataFrameReader.csv when the optional parameter `field_optionally_enclosed_by` is specified.
```

Reviewer: Let's be as specific as possible when we update changelog, this could help users check for potential regression/behavior change.
